Chief, please
Please help him
You saw it too
It's not that I don't help him.
He deliberately angered Elder Lin Nian
Can you blame me for this? This guy is so dead brain.
Kneel down and beg for mercy, boy, and I'll let you go
I haven't used my towering strength yet
Oh, dear.
Shen Tianchang was lost 400 years ago. What are you pretending to be?
The old man is unparalleled in heaven and earth
There are still 100 strokes waiting for you
Strange power keeps pouring into the body
It seems that this person's little love conceit is also a resentment
Help me strengthen the power of the bones
come again
Remnant Heaven Palm
OK
You hit me, why are you hitting the sky?
Help me with the power of the gods
Master, are you alright?
Lin Nianjiaolou actually lost
Lin Nian, what's the matter with you?
I'm fine hahahahaha
rolled waist
Lin Jun, you are an old boy and you have today?
Ah!
Hahaha, it really is curled waist.
He did all kinds of evil under Cangling
Repeatedly offend me
Today I will use you to refine medicine
Just you Tianyuanmen begged me for 18 years
Not forced by today's virtual fantasy
No one can take revenge when the elder is seriously injured
I will step through your mountain gate and enter your disciples again and again
make nonsense